[all:vars]
ansible_user=admin
ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd


[spine]
spine01 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine02 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine03 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine04 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine05 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine06 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine07 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine08 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine09 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
spine10 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd


[leaf]
leaf01 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf02 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf03 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf04 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf05 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf06 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf07 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf08 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf09 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf10 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf11 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf12 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf13 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf14 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf15 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf16 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf17 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf18 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf19 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd
leaf20 ansible_user=admin ansible_ssh_pass=YourPaSsWoRd

[server]
server01
server02
server03
server04
server05
server06
server07
server08
server09
server10
server11
server12
server13
server14
server15
server16
server17
server18
server19
server20
server21
server22